Add TKBC2 article (#5080)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Contests/TKBC/2/en.md

| Judging Phase | 2020-12-28/2021-01-17 |
| Results Announcement | 2021-01-17 |

## Ruleset

### Contest rules

- This contest is for osu!taiko mode.
- You should choose a song which matches the theme.
- The drain time should be not less than 80 and not more than 150.
- The difficulty should be Oni or higher.
- You must follow the [Ranking Criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria).
- If you submit several maps, the last one would be your entry.
- You should not reveal your map before the results announcing.
- You can't submit what you uploaded already.
- Only Koreans can participate this contest.
- Judges can't participate this contest.

### Metadata rules

- Artist must be `asdf`.
- Title must be `1223`.
- Difficulty must be Oni or Inner Oni.
- Source and tags must be left blank.
- When submitting your map, include the metadata in the email.

## Theme

- Snow
- Star

## Prizes

| Placing | Prize(s) |
| :-: | :-- |
| ![Gold Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | Profile Badge |
| ![Silver Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | 2 months of supporter |
| ![Bronze Crown](/wiki/shared/crown-bronze.png "3rd place") | 1 month of supporter |

## Organisation

> The Taiko Korean Beatmap Contest #2 is run by members of the Korean osu!taiko mapping community.

Reviewer: ```The Taiko Korean Beatmap Contest #2 was run by members of the Korean osu!taiko mapping community.```

| Position | Member(s) |
| :-- | :-- |

> | Manager | [[Karcher] 2](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9892196), [Civil oath](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3216107) |

Reviewer: a lot of [escape characters](http://bookdown.org/yihui/rmarkdown-cookbook/special-chars.html) are seeming to be missing on these tables at the moment, namely :

- `[[Karcher] 2]` should be --> `[\[Karcher\] 2]`
- `[4_4]` should be --> `[4\_4]`

---
tags:
- TKBC
- TKBC2
---

# Taiko Korean Beatmap Contest #2

![TKBC2 Logo](img/logo.png)

The **Taiko Korean Beatmap Contest #2** (***TKBC2***) was a osu!taiko mapping contest for Koreans. It was the second installment of the TKBC.

## Contest schedule

| Event | Timestamp (UTC +9) |
| --: | :-- |

> | Submitting Phase | 2020-11-30/2020-12-27 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Submission phase | 2020-11-30/2020-12-27 |
```

> | Judging Phase | 2020-12-28/2021-01-17 |
> | Results Announcement | 2021-01-17 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Judging phase | 2020-12-28/2021-01-17 |
| Results announcement | 2021-01-17 |
```

## Ruleset

### Contest rules

> - This contest is for osu!taiko mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This contest is for osu!taiko mode.
- The theme for this installment is "Snow" or "Star".
```

- You should choose a song which matches the theme.

> - The drain time should be not less than 80 and not more than 150.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The drain time should not be less than 80 and more than 150.
```

- The difficulty should be Oni or higher.
- You must follow the [Ranking Criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria).

> - If you submit several maps, the last one would be your entry.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If you submit several beatmaps, the last one will be your entry.
```

> - You should not reveal your map before the results announcing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You should not reveal your map before the results announcement.
```

> - You can't submit what you uploaded already.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You can't submit a beatmap you have already uploaded.
```

> - Only Koreans can participate this contest.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Only users from South Korea can participate in this contest.
```

- Judges can't participate this contest.

### Metadata rules

- Artist must be `asdf`.
- Title must be `1223`.
- Difficulty must be Oni or Inner Oni.
- Source and tags must be left blank.

> - When submitting your map, include the metadata in the email.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- While submitting your beatmap, include the metadata in the email.
```
